---
layout: post
title: Newbie November
author: Dave Kinkead
meetup: November 2014
---

The G20 is over, Obama's gone home, and Christmas is just around the corner.  This was our last meetup for 2014 (discounting December Drinks) and aligning our alliterative allegory, we've named this nip of nocturnal networking 'Newbie November'.


## On the fly processing with Dragonfly

Continuing on from last months 'lightning talk' meetup, [@elliotthilaire](https://github.com/elliotthilaire) gave us an introduction to using the Dragonfly gem for processing images / anything on the fly.


## Integrating a style guide into your workflow

Ennova recently decided to trial HoundCI - a fancy Rubocop wrapper that integrates with Github and barks at you when you write poor code via inline comments.  [@hackling](https://github.com/hackling) took us through their thoughts on how and why they incorporated they style enforcers and linters they decided to use.


## Form Objects with Virtus

[@daphsta](https://github.com/daphsta) shared how LocalSearch uses Form Objects in their Rails projects and how it has helped them decouple objects from ActiveRecord models which prevented the tendency of models to perform multiple responsibilities.


## [Abject Orientated Programming in Ruby](/abject-oriented-programming/)

You've might have heard the lasted trend being espoused by rockstar ninjas from the valley - Object Oriented Programming.  But don't listen to them - they're wrong. PERIOD.  [@davekinkead](https://github.com/davekinkead) showed us the correct way to implement best-practice-buzzwords like inheritance, polymorphism, and DRY.